[repo] Deprecate installationId (#10997)
expo/expo: packages/expo-constants/CHANGELOG.md

### 🛠 Breaking changes

> - Deprecated `.installationId` and `.deviceId`. Please implement installation identifier on your own using `expo-secure-store` on iOS, `expo-application`'s `.androidId` on Android and `localStorage` on Web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `.installationId` and `.deviceId` as these properties can be implemented in user space. Instead, implement the installation identifier on your own using `expo-application`'s `.androidId` on Android and a storage API like `expo-secure-store` on iOS and `localStorage` on Web.
```
